Multiple Choice Quiz
(See related pages)

1		
Effective software project management focuses on
		A)	people, performance, payoff, product
		B)	people, product, performance, process
		C)	people, product, process, project
		D)	people, process, payoff, product
2		
Organizations that achieve high levels of maturity in people management have a higher likelihood of implementing effective software engineering processes.
		A)	True
		B)	False
3		
The first step in project planning is to
		A)	determine the budget.
		B)	select a team organizational model.
		C)	determine the project constraints.
		D)	establish the objectives and scope.
4		
Process framework activities are populated with
		A)	milestones
		B)	work products
		C)	QA points
		D)	all of the above
5		
Project management is less important for modern software development since most projects are successful and completed on time.
		A)	True
		B)	False
6		
Which of the following is not considered a stakeholder in the software process?
		A)	customers
		B)	end-users
		C)	project managers
		D)	sales people
7		
The best person to hire as a project team leader is the most competent software engineering practitioner available.
		A)	True
		B)	False
8		
The best project team organizational model to use when tackling extremely complex problems is the
		A)	closed paradigm
		B)	open paradigm
		C)	random paradigm
		D)	synchronous paradigm
9		
Which factors should be considered in choosing the organizational structure for a software team?
		A)	degree of communication desired
		B)	predicted size of the resulting program
		C)	rigidity of the delivery date
		D)	size of the project budget
		E)	a, b, c
10		
One of the best ways to avoid frustration during the software development process is to
		A)	give team members more control over process and technical decisions.
		B)	give team members less control over process and technical decisions.
		C)	hide bad news from the project team members until things improve.
		D)	reward programmers based on their productivity.
11		
Small agile teams have no place in modern software development.
		A)	True
		B)	False
12		
Which of these software characteristics is not a factor contributing to project coordination difficulties?
		A)	interoperability
		B)	performance
		C)	scale
		D)	uncertainty
13		
Which of these software characteristics are used to determine the scope of a software project?
		A)	context, lines of code, function
		B)	context, function, communication requirements
		C)	information objectives, function, performance
		D)	communications requirements, performance, information objectives
14		
The major areas of problem decomposition during the project scoping activity are the
		A)	customer workflow
		B)	functionality to be delivered
		C)	process used to deliver functionality
		D)	software process model
		E)	b and c
15		
Product and process decomposition occurs simultaneously as the project plan evolves.
		A)	True
		B)	False
16		
When can selected common process framework activities be omitted during process decomposition?
		A)	when the project is extremely small in size
		B)	any time the software is mission critical
		C)	rapid prototyping does not require their use
		D)	never the activities are invariant
17		
How does a software project manager need to act to minimize the risk of software failure?
		A)	double the project team size
		B)	request a large budget
		C)	start on the right foot
		D)	track progress
		E)	c and d
18		
The W5HH principle contains which of the following questions?
		A)	Why is the system being developed?
		B)	What will be done by whom?
		C)	Where are they organizationally located?
		D)	How much of each resource is required?
		E)	a, c d
19		
Which of these are critical practices for performance-based project management?
		A)	assessing product usability
		B)	defect tracking against quality targets
		C)	empirical cost estimation
		D)	formal risk management
		E)	b, c, d
