Multiple Choice Quiz
(See related pages)

1		
The behavior modeling is only used in the analysis of real-time systems.
		A)	True
		B)	False
2		
For purposes of behavior modeling an event occurs whenever
		A)	a state and process exchange information.
		B)	the system an actor exchange information.
		C)	two actors exchange information.
		D)	two objects exchange information.
3		
For purposes of behavior modeling a state is any
		A)	consumer or producer of data.
		B)	data object hierarchy.
		C)	observable mode of behavior.
		D)	well defined process.
4		
The state transition diagram
		A)	depicts relationships between data objects
		B)	depicts functions that transform the data flow
		C)	indicates how data are transformed by the system
		D)	indicates system reactions to external events
5		
The UML sequence diagram shows the order in which system events are processed.
		A)	True
		B)	False
6		
Analysis patterns are discovered, they are not explicitly created.
		A)	True
		B)	False
7		
It is not possible to justify the time required for mobile app requirements analysis.
		A)	True
		B)	False
8		
Which is not one of the analysis activities that is used to create a complete analysis model?
		A)	Configuration analysis
		B)	Content analysis
		C)	Functional analysis
		D)	Market analysis
9		
Content objects are extracted from use cases by examining the scenario description for direct or indirect content references.
		A)	True
		B)	False
10		
What are the elements of a WebApp interaction model?
		A)	activity diagrams, sequence diagrams, state diagrams, interface prototype
		B)	activity diagrams, collaboration diagrams, sequence diagrams, state diagrams
		C)	use-cases, sequence diagrams, state diagrams, interface prototype
		D)	use-cases, sequence diagrams, state diagrams, sequence diagrams
11		
UML activity diagrams can be used to represent the user observable functionality delivered by the WebApp as well as the operations contained in each analysis class.
		A)	True
		B)	False
12		
Configuration analysis focuses on the architecture of the user¡¯s web browsing environment.
		A)	True
		B)	False
