Multiple Choice Quiz
(See related pages)

1		
Which of the following interface design principles does not allow the user to remain in control of the interaction with a computer?
		A)	allow interaction to interruptible
		B)	allow interaction to be undoable
		C)	hide technical internals from casual users
		D)	only provide one rigidly defined method for accomplishing a task
2		
Which of the following interface design principles reduce the user's memory load?
		A)	define intuitive shortcuts
		B)	disclose information in a progressive fashion
		C)	establish meaningful defaults
		D)	provide an on-line tutorial
		E)	a, b, c
3		
The reason for reducing the user's memory load is make his or her interaction with the computer quicker to complete.
		A)	True
		B)	False
4		
Interface consistency implies that
		A)	each application should have its own distinctive look and feel
		B)	input mechanisms remain the same throughout the application
		C)	navigational methods are context sensitive
		D)	visual information is organized according to a design standard
		E)	b and d
5		
If past interactive models have created certain user expectations it is not generally good to make changes to the model.
		A)	True
		B)	False
6		
Which model depicts the profile of the end users of a computer system?
		A)	design model
		B)	implementation model
		C)	user model
		D)	user's model
7		
Which model depicts the image of a system that an end user creates in his or her head?
		A)	design model
		B)	user model
		C)	system model
		D)	system perception
8		
Which model depicts the look and feel of the user interface along with all supporting information?
		A)	implementation model
		B)	user model
		C)	user's model
		D)	system perception
9		
Which of these framework activities is not normally associated with the user interface design processes?
		A)	cost estimation
		B)	interface construction
		C)	interface validation
		D)	user and task analysis
10		
Which approach(es) to user task analysis can be useful in user interface design?
		A)	have users indicate their preferences on questionnaires
		B)	rely on the judgement of experienced programmers
		C)	study existing computer-based solutions
		D)	observe users performing tasks manually
		E)	c and d
11		
Object-oriented analysis techniques can be used to identify and refine user task objects and actions without any need to refer to the user voice.
		A)	True
		B)	False
12		
The computer's display capabilities are the primary determinant of the order in which user interface design activities are completed.
		A)	True
		B)	False
13		
It is sometimes possible that the interface designer is constrained by environmental factors that mitigate against ease of use for many users.
		A)	True
		B)	False
14		
One means of defining user interface objects and actions is to conduct a grammatical parse of the user scenario.
		A)	True
		B)	False
15		
Interface design patterns typically include a complete component-level design (design classes, attributes, operations, and interfaces).
		A)	True
		B)	False
16		
Several common design issues surface for almost every user interface including
		A)	adaptive user profiles
		B)	error handling
		C)	resolution of graphics displays
		D)	system response time
		E)	b and d
17		
It is more important to capture the user¡¯s attention with flashy features than ergonomically sound screen layouts when building a WebApp.
		A)	True
		B)	False
18		
Several usability measures can be collected while observing users interacting with a computer system including
		A)	down time for the application
		B)	number of user errors
		C)	software reliability
		D)	time spent looking at help materials
		E)	b and d
