Multiple Choice Quiz
(See related pages)

1		
Most technical software metrics described in this chapter represent indirect measures software attributes that are useful in the quantitative assessment of software quality.
		A)	True
		B)	False
2		
Which these are reasons for using technical product measures during software development?
		A)	large body of scientific evidence supports their use
		B)	provides software engineers with an objective mechanism for assessing software quality
		C)	they allow all quality software quality information to be expressed unambiguously as a single number
		D)	all of the above
3		
Which measurement activity is missing from the list below?
Formulation
Collection
Analysis
Interpretation
		A)	design
		B)	feedback
		C)	measurement
		D)	quantification
4		
The Goal/Question/Metric (GQM) paradigm was developed as a technique for assigning blame for software failures.
		A)	True
		B)	False
5		
One of the most important attributes for a software product metric is that it should be
		A)	easy to compute
		B)	qualitative in nature
		C)	reliable over time
		D)	widely applicable
6		
In many cases metrics for one model may be used in later software engineering activities (e.g. design metrics may be used in test planning).
		A)	True
		B)	False
7		
The function point metric is an example of metric that can be used to assist with technical decision-making based on the analysis model information, without making use of historical project data.
		A)	True
		B)	False
8		
The specification metrics proposed by Davis address which two characteristics of the software requirements?
		A)	functionality and performance
		B)	performance and completeness
		C)	specificity and completeness
		D)	specificity and functionality
9		
Architectural design metrics focus on
		A)	architectural structure
		B)	data structural relationships
		C)	internal module complexity
		D)	module effectiveness
		E)	a and d
10		
Which of the following is not a measurable characteristic of an object-oriented design?
		A)	completeness
		B)	efficiency
		C)	size
		D)	volatility
11		
The depth of inheritance tree (DIT) metric can give an OO software designer a reading on the
		A)	attributes required for each class
		B)	completion time required for system implementation
		C)	complexity of the class hierarchy
		D)	level of object reusability achieved
12		
Because the class is the dominant unit in OO systems there is no call for the definition of class-oriented metrics.
		A)	True
		B)	False
13		
If you encounter a class with a large responsibility (large class size or CS value) you should consider
		A)	making it a base class
		B)	making it a subclass
		C)	partitioning the class
		D)	starting a new class hierarchy
14		
Component-level metrics include measures of
		A)	complexity
		B)	coupling
		C)	module cohesion
		D)	performance
		E)	a, b, c
15		
Because the class is the dominant unit in OO systems very few metrics have been proposed for operations that reside within a class.
		A)	True
		B)	False
16		
Interface metrics are use to assess the complexity of the module's input and output relationships with external devices.
		A)	True
		B)	False
17		
Most WebApps can be easily characterized by judicious use of widely recognized suites of software metrics?
		A)	True
		B)	False
18		
Halstead's source code metrics are based on the number of
		A)	modules in the program
		B)	operands in the program
		C)	operators in the program
		D)	volume elements in the program
		E)	b and c
19		
Software testing metrics fall into two broad categories
		A)	metrics that focus on defect removal effectiveness
		B)	metrics that focus on test coverage
		C)	metrics that estimate the duration of the testing process
		D)	metrics that predict the number of test cases required
		E)	b and d
20		
The IEEE software maturity index (SMI) is used to provide a measure of the
		A)	maintainability of a software product based on its availability
		B)	relative age of a software product being considered for retirement
		C)	reliability of a software product following regression testing
		D)	stability of a software product as it is modified during maintenance
