Multiple Choice Quiz
(See related pages)

1		
Agility is nothing more than the ability of a project team to respond rapidly to change.
		A)	True
		B)	False
2		
Which of the following is not necessary to apply agility to a software process?
		A)	Eliminate the use of project planning and testing
		B)	Only essential work products are produced
		C)	Process allows team to streamline tasks
		D)	Uses incremental product delivery strategy
3		
How do you create agile processes to manage unpredictability?
		A)	Requirements gathering must be conducted very carefully
		B)	Risk analysis must be conducted before planning takes place
		C)	Software increments must be delivered in short time periods
		D)	Software processes must adapt to changes incrementally
		E)	Both c and d
4		
In agile software processes the highest priorities is to satisfy the customer through early and continuous delivery of valuable software.
		A)	True
		B)	False
5		
In agile development it is more important to build software that meets the customers¡¯ needs today than worry about features that might be needed in the future.
		A)	True
		B)	False
6		
What are the four framework activities found in the Extreme Programming (XP) process model?
		A)	analysis, design, coding, testing
		B)	planning, analysis, design, coding
		C)	planning, analysis, coding, testing
		D)	planning, design, coding, testing
7		
All agile process models conform to a greater or lesser degree to the principles stated in the ¡°Manifesto for Agile Software Development¡±.
		A)	True
		B)	False
8		
Which is not one of the key questions that is answered by each team member at each daily Scrum meeting?
		A)	What did you do since the last meeting?
		B)	What obstacles are you encountering?
		C)	What obstacles are you encountering?
		D)	What do you plan to accomplish be the next team meeting?
9		
The Dynamic Systems Development Method (DSDM) suggests a philosophy that is based on the Pareto principle (80% of the application can be delivered in 20% of the time required to build the complete application).
		A)	True
		B)	False
10		
Agile Modeling (AM) provides guidance to practitioner during which of these software tasks?
		A)	Analysis
		B)	Design
		C)	Coding
		D)	Testing
		E)	Both a and b
11		
Agile Unified Process uses the classic UP phased activities (inception, elaboration, construction, transition) to help the team visualize the overall process flow.
		A)	True
		B)	False
